README.rst, before:

About calendarevents
-------------------------

calendarevents is a Pluggable calendars and events application for TurboGears2.
It permits to create events which are associated to entities defined inside the
application which plugs it in.

Calendarevents provides support for multiple calendars and event types, by defining
new event types it is possible to define how the event relates to external entities
like a blog post that describes it.

When displaying events if available weather informations for the day and location
of the event will be provided.

Installing
-------------------------------

calendarevents can be installed both from pypi or from bitbucket::

    easy_install tgapp-calendarevents

should just work for most of the users

Plugging calendarevents
----------------------------

In your application *config/app_cfg.py* import **plug**::

    from tgext.pluggable import plug

Then at the *end of the file* call plug with calendarevents::

    plug(base_config, 'calendarevents', event_types=[...])

At least one event type must be defined inside the *event_types* argument.
Defining event types is explained inside the Event Types section.

You will be able to access the calendars at
*http://localhost:8080/calendarevents*.

Event Types
----------------------

calendarevents needs the application to define at least one EventType to work.

Event types must be defined inheriting from the ``calendarevents.EventType`` class,
for example to define an event for a concert which relates to a blog article that
describes the concert itself::

    class Concert(EventType):
        name = 'Concert'

        def get_linkable_entities(self, calendar):
            return [(a.uid, a.title) for a in model.DBSession.query(model.Article)]

        def get_linked_entity_info(self, event):
            return model.DBSession.query(model.Article).get(event.linked_entity_id).title

        def get_linked_entity_url(self, event):
            return tg.url('/blog/view/%s' % event.linked_entity_id)

    plug(base_config, 'calendarevents', event_types=[Concert()])

Exposed Partials
----------------------

calendarevents exposes a partial to render event boxes inside other pages:

- calendarevents.partials:event(event) - Renders an event box

Commit message:

Some additional features to change calendar behavior

README.rst, after:

About calendarevents
-------------------------

calendarevents is a Pluggable calendars and events application for TurboGears2.
It permits to create events which are associated to entities defined inside the
application which plugs it in.

Calendarevents provides support for multiple calendars and event types, by defining
new event types it is possible to define how the event relates to external entities
like a blog post that describes it.

When displaying events if available weather informations for the day and location
of the event will be provided.

Installing
-------------------------------

calendarevents can be installed both from pypi or from bitbucket::

    easy_install tgapp-calendarevents

should just work for most of the users

Plugging calendarevents
----------------------------

In your application *config/app_cfg.py* import **plug**::

    from tgext.pluggable import plug

Then at the *end of the file* call plug with calendarevents::

    plug(base_config, 'calendarevents', event_types=[...])

At least one event type must be defined inside the *event_types* argument.
Defining event types is explained inside the Event Types section.

You will be able to access the calendars at
*http://localhost:8080/calendarevents*.

Event Types
----------------------

calendarevents needs the application to define at least one EventType to work.

Event types must be defined inheriting from the ``calendarevents.EventType`` class,
for example to define an event for a concert which relates to a blog article that
describes the concert itself::

    class Concert(EventType):
        name = 'Concert'

        def get_linkable_entities(self, calendar):
            return [(a.uid, a.title) for a in model.DBSession.query(model.Article)]

        def get_linked_entity_info(self, event):
            return model.DBSession.query(model.Article).get(event.linked_entity_id).title

        def get_linked_entity_url(self, event):
            return tg.url('/blog/view/%s' % event.linked_entity_id)

    plug(base_config, 'calendarevents', event_types=[Concert()])

Event types can also specify some additional options to change the calendevents 
behavior. If the ``EventType`` specifies ``force_redirect = True`` as a class
property whenever the event page is opened the user gets redirected to the
linked entity url.
``EventType`` can also update the calendar informations be exposing a
``calendar_data(self, event) -> dict`` method that can return any
additional information for the event (for example it can mark the
event as allDay or not).

Exposed Partials
----------------------

calendarevents exposes a partial to render event boxes inside other pages:

- calendarevents.partials:event(event) - Renders an event box
